Opportunity spec (#85)
Element84/stat-api-spec: spec/order/README.md

This document explains the structure of a STAT Order request which is used for finding opportunities and placing orders. 

> Ordering with losely defined order values will give the provider more freedom to schedule. Define the values strict to increase the chance of the prefered capture moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ordering with loosely defined order values will give the provider more freedom to schedule. Define the values strictly to increase the chance of the preferred capture moment.
```
